**BASED ON Luke 1**
01) While being engaged to [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]], the angel [[Gabriel - God's Angel]] came to [[Mary]] and told [[Mary]] that she's blessed among women.
02) [[Mary]]'s told to have a baby called [[Jesus Christ]], Son of the Highest, and the Lord God will give unto him the throne of [[David . Daud]] and will reign the house of [[Jacob . Yakub - Israel]]. He shall be holy, called as the Son of God.
**BASED ON Matthew 1 - Most Probable Timeline**
03) [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]] almost divorced (from engagement) to [[Mary]] but then an angel told him to not worrying marrying [[Mary]] because she conceived from [[Holy Ghost]] and will name the baby Immanuel ([[Jesus Christ]]).
**BASED ON Luke 1**
04) [[Mary]] went from [[Nazareth, Judaea]] to a city in Judaea. [[Mary]] then greet [[Elisabeth]] and after she heard [[Mary]]'s salutation, her baby leaped and she was filled with the Holy Ghost. She told Mary that she's blessed among women.
05) Mary sang [[Mary's Song]]
06) Mary stayed with [[Elisabeth]] for three months and [[Elisabeth]] gave birth and then she went back to [[Nazareth, Judaea]].
**BASED ON Luke 2**	
07) [[Caesar Augustus]] in time of [[Quirinius . Cyrenius . Kirenius]] commanded to do a registration for taxing. 
08) [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]] and [[Mary]] went to [[Bethlehem, Galilee]] from [[Nazareth, Judaea]] for registration.
09) [[Mary]] gave birth there with no inn available. She wrapped the baby in swaddling clothes and laid him in a manger.
10) [[The Shepherds]] nearby saw the angel of [[YHWH - GOD]] shining to them and told them that the Savior, Christ the Lord (Messiah) has born. The angel gave them the signs and then they went to the place and met the baby [[Jesus Christ]]. They told the story from the angel there and then leaving happily for what they've seen what was told to them.
11) After eight days, [[Jesus Christ]] being circumcised and named. They offer a sacrifice for the firstborn according to the law (a pair of turtledoves and two young pigeons).
12) [[Simeon - Blessed Jesus]] who will not die before seeing the Messiah filled by [[Holy Ghost]] took the baby up in his arms blessed [[YHWH - GOD]] and blessed [[Jesus Christ]] with [[Blessing of Simeon]]
13) [[Anna . Hana - Blessed Jesus]]
**BASED ON Matthew 2 - Most Probable Timeline**
14) [[The Magi . The Wise Men]] seen the [[East Star]] and went to [[Jerusalem]] and asked where [[King of the Jews]] was born and was going to worship him.
15) [[Herod]] feel troubled and asked for chief priests and scribes to tell him where will [[The Messiah - Christ]] be born according to the prophecy.
16) They told [[Herod]] that [[The Messiah - Christ]] will be born in [[Bethlehem, Galilee]].
17) [[Herod]] asked [[The Magi . The Wise Men]] asked for more information about what time the [[East Star]] showed and sent them to [[Bethlehem, Galilee]]. He asked them to tell him the location of [[The Messiah - Christ]] after they found him.
18) [[The Magi . The Wise Men]] went to [[Bethlehem, Galilee]] and they saw the [[East Star]] bringing them to a house where [[Mary]] and [[Jesus Christ]] were.
19) [[The Magi . The Wise Men]] gave the baby gifts; [[Gold]], [[Frankincense]], and [[Myrrh]].
20) An Angel of the Lord told [[The Magi . The Wise Men]] to return to their own country another way (not to [[Herod]]).
21) An Angel of the Lord told [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]] in his dream to run to [[Egypt]] because [[Herod]] will seek him and kill him.
22) [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]] arose by night and went to [[Egypt]] with the baby and [[Mary]] *(prophecy to Hosea 11:1)*.
23) [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]] stayed there until [[Herod]]'s death.
24) [[Herod]] feel mocked and then he commanded the [[1001. Massacre of Bethlehem's Babies]].
25) [[Herod]] died and an Angel of the Lord told [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]] in his dream to get back to the Land of Israel because they who wanna kill the baby is dead already.
26) [[Archelaus]] took [[Herod]]'s position and made [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]] scared so that he chose to stay in [[Nazareth, Judaea]] *(prophecy to ??)*