
**BASED ON Luke 3**
	0) In the 15th years of the reign of [[Tiberius - Caesar]], the [[Governor of Judaea]] was [[Pontius Pilate]], the [[Tetrach]] of [[Galilee]] was [[Herod (2nd)]], the [[Tetrach]] of [[Ituraea]] was [[Herod]]'s brother, [[Philip]], and the [[Tetrach]] of [[Abilene]] was [[Lysanias]]. [[Annas]] and [[Caiaphas]] were the [[High Priests]].
	1) The [[Holy Ghost . Holy Spirit]] of [[YHWH - GOD]] came to [[John - The Baptist]], son of [[Zacharias . Zechariah . Zakharia]] in the wilderness. He came into all the country about [[Jordan]].
**BASED ON Mark 1**
    2) The beginning of the gospel of [[Jesus Christ]] as it written to the *prophecy of Malachi 3:1 and Isaiah 40:3*, [[John - The Baptist]] prepares the straight way for [[Jesus Christ]].
**BASED ON Luke 3**
    3) ... *(prophecy of Isaiah 40:3-5)*
**BASED ON Matthew 3 & Mark 1**
    4) [[John - The Baptist]] preaching to repent and inform the kingdom of heaven in the wilderness of Judaea. *(prophecy of Isaiah 40:3)*
	5) He had his raiment of camel's hair, leathern girdle about his loins.
	6) His meat was locusts and wild honey.
	7) People from [[Jerusalem]] and all [[Judaea]] and all the region round about [[Jordan]] went for [[Baptism]] and confess their sin.
**BASED ON Matthew 3 & Luke 3**
	8) People of [[Pharisees]] and [[Sadducees]] came to be baptized and he bring to them [[Baptism]] as the symbol of repentance. Saying that they *(Luke said "everyone" not only the Pharisees and Sadducees)* were the generation of vipers who thought they were the sons of [[Abraham]] while [[YHWH - GOD]] Himself can make these stones to raise up children unto [[Abraham]]. The point is to still bring good fruit.
**BASED ON Luke 3**
	09) The people asked what to do then.
	10) [[John - The Baptist]] answered, whoever hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none; and he that hath meat, let him do likewise.
	11) Then the [[Publicans]] get the [[Baptism]] and asked the same question.
	12) [[John - The Baptist]] answered, exact no more than which is appointed to you.
	13) Then the [[Soldiers]] likewise demanded him.
	14) [[John - The Baptist]] answered, do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages.
	15) People thought that [[John - The Baptist]] was [[The Messiah - Christ]].
**BASED ON John 1**
	15.1) When the [[Jews]] sent [[Priests]] and [[Levites]] (including the [[Pharisees]]) from [[Jerusalem]], they asked who he really is.
	15.2) He confessed that he is not [[The Messiah - Christ]].
	15.3) They asked him if he was [[Elias]].
	15.4) He said he is not.
	15.5) They asked him if he was [[The Prophet]].
	15.6) He said he is not.
	15.7) They asked him, who he really is because they have to give an answer to the ones who sent them (the [[Jews]]).
**BASED ON Luke 3**
	16) John answered that...
**BASED ON John 1**
	16.1) I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, making straight the way of the Lord as the *prophecy of Isaiah 40:3-5.*
	16.2) The [[Pharisees]] who were sent to him asked, then why he baptizes if he was not [[The Messiah - Christ]], nor [[Elias]], nor [[The Prophet]]. 
**BASED ON Matthew 3, Mark 1, Luke 3, and John 1**
    17) He brought to them [[Baptism]] with water but the one who comes after me ([[Jesus Christ]]) whose mightier than I, whose shoes he's not worthy to bear/unloose, he shall bring [[Baptism]] them with [[Holy Ghost . Holy Spirit]] *(and fire Matthew 3)*, *(Matthew 3: more details in the Bible about how [[Jesus Christ]] will separate the righteous from the wrongdoers)
    17.*1)  (Based on John 1) Those stuffs are done in [[Bethabara . Bethany]] beyond [[Jordan]] where [[John - The Baptist]] do the [[Baptism]]
**BASED ON Luke 3**
	18) [[John - The Baptist]] continues to preach the [[Gospel . Injeel]].
**BASED ON John 1**
	18.1) The next day [[Jesus Christ]] came.
	18.2) [[John - The Baptist]] saw [[Jesus Christ]] and call him as the [[Son of God]] that will take away the sin of the world.
	18.3) [[John - The Baptist]] said [[Jesus Christ]] existed before him. 
	18.4) [[John - The Baptist]] said that he didn't know [[Jesus Christ]] before, but therefore he is there to baptize so that [[Jesus Christ]] will be revealed to [[Israel]].
**BASED ON Matthew 3**
    19) [[Jesus Christ]] came from [[Galilee]] ([[Nazareth, Judaea]], according to Mark 1) to [[Jordan]] to get the [[Baptism]] of [[John - The Baptist]]. [[John - The Baptist]] rejected saying that he was the one who shall have his [[Baptism]]. Yet, [[Jesus Christ]] said to let it be for that is the part of [[YHWH - GOD]]'s plan.
**BASED ON Matthew 3, Mark 1, Luke 3, and John 1**
    20) After having the [[Baptism]], [[Jesus Christ]] went out the water and [[Holy Ghost . Holy Spirit]] from the heavens descending like a dove.
    21) Voice coming from heaven, this is my beloved Son ([[Son of God]]), whom I am well pleased.