**Jesus Returned to Galilee, Nazareth, back to Galilee**
**BASED ON Luke 3**
    1) [[Jesus Christ]] was around 30 years old when he started his work.
    2) After reproving [[Herodias]] and evils done by [[Herod]], [[John - The Baptist]] was put to prison by [[Herod]]
**BASED ON Luke 4**
	3) [[Jesus Christ]] returned to [[Galilee]] after the [[1020. The Temptation of Jesus]] with the power of the [[Holy Ghost . Holy Spirit]].
	4) [[Jesus Christ]] became famous and he taught in their [[Synagogue]].
	5) [[Jesus Christ]] then came to [[Nazareth, Judaea]], the place he was raised.
	6) When it was [[The Sabbath]] day, he went to the [[Synagogue]] and he read a book of [[23. Isaiah . Yesaya]] given to him.
	7) [[Jesus Christ]] read the verse of *Isaiah 61 : 1-2*, closed it, gave it back to the minister, sat down, and all eyes in the [[Synagogue]] were fastened upon him.
	8) [[Jesus Christ]] said that this scripture is fulfilled this day. Yet, the people of [[Nazareth, Judaea]] questioned it cause he was considered the son of [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]].
	9) Those people in the [[Synagogue]] mocked [[Jesus Christ]] and told him to heal himself, do whatever they heard in [[Capernaum]] in [[Nazareth, Judaea]].
	10) [[Jesus Christ]] replied that no prophet is accepted in his own country. Just like [[Elias . Elijah]] when heaven was shut up for 3 years and 6 months and instead of being sent to the widows of Israels, he was sent to only a widow at [[Zarepath, Sidon]].
	11) There were also many [[Lepers]] in Israel the time of [[Elisha . Eliseus]] but none of them was cleansed except [[Naaman]] the [[Syrian]].
	12) Those people were filled with wrath and rose up, thrust him out of the city, and led him unto the brow of the hill of the city and would cast him down.
	13) [[Jesus Christ]] passed through the crowd and went on his way.
**BASED ON Matthew 1 & Mark 1**
	15) [[Jesus Christ]] heard that [[John - The Baptist]] was cast into prison, [[Jesus Christ]] departed into [[Galilee]], leaving [[Nazareth, Judaea]] and went and dwelt to [[Capernaum]] *(prophecy of Isaiah 8:23 - 9:1)*.
	16) [[Jesus Christ]] said, repent for the kingdom of heaven is near *(believe to the [[Gospel . Injeel]])*.
**Call of the Disciples**
**BASED ON John 1**
	17) When [[John - The Baptist]] met [[Jesus Christ]] again, he was with [[Andrew - Disciple of Jesus]] and another disciple of his and they were his disciples.
	18) [[John - The Baptist]] called [[Jesus Christ]] as the [[Lamb of God]] and both his disciples heard him and they followed [[Jesus Christ]].
	19) [[Jesus Christ]] asked them what are they seeking.
	20) Both of them asked where did he live.
	21) [[Jesus Christ]] brought them to where he live, it was around 4 O' Clock at the time.
	22) [[Andrew - Disciple of Jesus]] then met [[Simon, Peter - Disciple of Jesus]], his brother and told him that they found [[The Messiah - Christ]] and brought [[Simon, Peter - Disciple of Jesus]] to [[Jesus Christ]].
	23) [[Jesus Christ]] said, you are [[Simon, Peter - Disciple of Jesus]] son of [[Jonah - Father of Simon and Andrew]], you shall be called [[Cephas]].
	24) The following day, [[Jesus Christ]] go forth into [[Galilee]] and found [[Phillip - Disciple of Jesus]].
	25) [[Jesus Christ]] asked unto him to follow him. (He was from [[Bethsaida]] just like [[Andrew - Disciple of Jesus]] and [[Simon, Peter - Disciple of Jesus]]).
	26) [[Phillip - Disciple of Jesus]] then found [[Nathanael]] saying that he found the one [[Moses]] wrote in the law, and the [[Prophets]] wrote. [[Jesus Christ]] from [[Nazareth, Judaea]], son of [[Joseph - Jacob's Son]].
	27) [[Nathanael]] asked if something good can come out of [[Nazareth, Judaea]].
	28) Then [[Phillip - Disciple of Jesus]] told him to come and see.
	29) [[Jesus Christ]] saw [[Nathanael]] coming to him and said, behold an [[Israel]] with no deceit.
	30) [[Nathanael]] asked how can he knows him.
	31) [[Jesus Christ]] answered that before [[Phillip - Disciple of Jesus]] called him, [[Jesus Christ]] saw him already under the fig tree.
	32) [[Nathanael]] replied him that he was [[Son of God]], [[King of Israel]].
	33) [[Jesus Christ]] said that he shall see greater things than these, he shall see heaven opened and [[The Angels]] of [[YHWH - GOD]] ascending and descending upon the [[Son of Man]].
**BASED ON Matthew 1 & Mark 1**
    17) While walking by the sea of [[Galilee]], [[Jesus Christ]] saw two brothers, [[Simon, Peter - Disciple of Jesus]] and [[Andrew - Disciple of Jesus]] casting a net into the sea.
    18) [[Jesus Christ]] asked them to follow him to be the fishers of men. Both of them left their nets and followed him.
    19) [[Jesus Christ]] then saw two other brothers, [[James - Disciple of Jesus]] and [[John - Disciple of Jesus]] with [[Zebedee]], their father in a boat, mending their nets.
    20) [[Jesus Christ]] called both of them and they immediately left their father *(and their hired men - Mark 1)* and followed him.